hello very good dear subscribers
here we are with this new video for
the new video channel and new trick a
very interesting trick that I'm going to
show and say a trick of jeta 5 then
yes even if I'm here on the page
social club that's because here we go to
start doing this trick with this
trick I'll show you how we can place
in our crew the secret color of the
sect kiflon that sect that you already know
if you have played the normal mode is a
Pretty pretty blue and that
it looks good on cars on clothes is
quite attractive to the eye well as
we do this because we get into our
social club and needless to say that
we're going to have to be the managers of the
tribe the creators of the crew for
can modify it to be able to modify
this color well how are we going to put this
color thus modifying the html code
we are going to go to crews and in our
cross let's give it to manage once
let's give it to manage we'll get the
mouse over the color is valid and clicking with
the right button you will see that we get
inspect the item this only comes out
in browsers like google chrome
mozilla firefox well once we give it to
inspection to the element we will see that we
this little screen comes with the html code
of the page
what we have to modify first
about these three digits here that
we have parentheses as the first
digit we will erase what there is and we will put
the 135 as second digit we're also going
to eliminate what he puts and we are going to put
the 197 we put it 197 in the third
digit what we are going to put is 245
we erase what is there we put 2 45 well
once we have done this we are going to
go down here a little bit more and here where
puts right down three or four more rows
down puts and the crew color then here
ton evaluate worth so where it puts value
let's think to press forgiveness with the
double left click button and let's
change this code we have this
color code that we have here
we erase everything except the pad and
we place the 8 the number 7 the house faith
the number 5 the streetlamp fd and the number 5
once we have these already done then
we just close this screen and
as you have seen here we will be placed
this color that is the secret color this
the color of the kiflon sect
you will know if you have played the mode
normal and that looks pretty good in
vehicles etcetera etcetera now what
The only thing we have to do is save
this think as you put it here
we give to save and save this crew already
is in about five minutes we can
make our changes in our
cars
let's see how a car is now
with this color it goes without saying that
we can also place here if we know
the codes the color that the real one gives us
win making this same method already
you know that if we click here too
we can put the colors that we want
here but it's very difficult to agree on the
Exact point for the desired color
in this way with the code there is no failure
I will place jce the color that gives you the real
Earn well once we have saved this
Well, we 're out of here and now we're going to
see how they are in our vehicles
this color and it comes here we are already
we went to online mode and as you can see how
You are going to observe forgiveness, because here we are going to
change it and put this color on
color of the sect keep long then al in
marmoset for example we put you
here color of the cross and here you have it
it's worth it here you have the only thing you have
what to do is confirm it so that is
change the color and you're ready and you know
we have this color so nothing
basically the ones that you know
this color if you are interested in the video
you can tell the cross that
belong afterwards in case the owners of
the cross are interested in it like this
that nothing I hope you liked the
video will be like this do not hesitate to give like
favorites and see you in the next
video a greeting and until next time
goodbye